# GenerateKMeansExamples
<h2>Create CSV files with built-in clusters so we can practice K-Means clustering</h2></br>
1. Study the json file provided. There are numerous example datasets in there. </br>
2. Edit the json file as needed.</br>
3. Run the Jupyter Notebook and it will process the json file. A .txt file with meta data and two .csv files will be generated with the same name as the json file </br>
4. Look in the .txt file for the centroids that were used to create the CSV file. </br>
Look in the solutions CSV file for an extra column that defines the cluster for that row.</br>
If you're giving this as an assignment, just give the CSV file and hold back the .txt file and the other CSV file with the solution column.
 </br>
 </br>
 Note: the Euclidean distances used in the cluster fitting may be way off if the scaling of the x and y axes are far apart. For example, </br>
 if the x-axis range is 1-10 and the y-axis range is 0-20000 then the y distance from the centroid will overwhelm the x distance from the centroid.</br>
</br>
 
 Note Note: the gaussian distribution logic is not functional: just leave the distribution as uniform.
 </br>
Other fun stuff the program will do for you: </br>
</br>
</br>

After generating the CSV file, the notebook plots some of the csv files (generated by the metadata in the example JSON file) and the computed K-means centroids for that data. be careful that the centroids requested in the K-Means fitting many not match the number of centroids defined in the JSON file. You cen edit the K-Means logic to match the CSV file. </br>



